currently we are seeking a grant for one of our medical devices we were going to be processing throught the fda. 
war for life, inc would benefit from securing funding to deploy our initial fleet of mobile medical units. we converted 3 used buses into mobile medical units to provide vaccines across nc during the pandemic. based on that model were looking to deploy more formal units to provide access to dental and medical care.   
winning government contracts.  it feels like a total waste to invest man days in pulling together a proposal and not getting any feedback when you don’t win
we are seeking grant opportunities to allow the business to hire additional help.
grants for business growth, development, community outreach. 
as we get ready to expand, a line of credit will be critical to us moving to the next phase of our development
seeking funding for expansion and accreditation
capital for expansion, we are looking for any non-predatory loan to help us with that. we are at a point in our business where we have the tools as far as experience and license needed to head to next level but the finances are just not there. 
working with the government
seeking sba loan in order to fund a mobile unit and outfit it accordingly 
need is knowledgeable and dedicated working staff. 
marketing support
specialized sales and marketing initiatives 
create and develop a competitive price list  for the two divisions our company has, general construction  focuses on interior renovations.  and mitigation and restoration division focus on water,fire and mold emergency and restoration services. having these price list created will allow us to hire an estimator and sales team to increase revenue and be more effective on providing quotation on a timely matter to our customers.  
none at this time
grant to keep payroll not to be paid back
bonding is a need.
gaining customers
grant funding- i have been search but i have not been selected for any
i am trying to figure out how to be a relevant solution to the needs of my target market, while competing with much larger companies
funding is a major need at this time. i would utilize additional funding to invest in an industry mentor or coach. by obtaining a mentor, i would get the much-needed advice and help to implement and strategize the development of my services, brand, and platform. secondly, i would invest in marketing and communications development. by doing this i would be able to create a signature look, website, and user interface that would be tailored to my specific audience, and present a polished, cohesive business to the public. through the mentor and marketing development, i hope to increase my revenue, and be more accessible so other potential clients may be able to reach me with ease.
